The planes of Temos' Universe are most popularised by the theory scholars define "The Bubble Theorem". The understanding is that Temos is but one of many 'bubbles' within the vast emptiness of the Astral Plane.

The most commonly referred Material Plane is the universe in which Temos resides and is believed to have a strong membrane which allowed it to consume or merge (depending on your perspective) with the long-lost original planes now only referred to as the Feywild and the Shadowfell.

Another bubble found within the Astral, located an incomprehensible distance from the Material is the realm of the Hells. Similarly to our own Material Plane, the realm of the Hells or "The Nine Hells" bears an extremely strong membrane that has promoted the theory of its absorption of eight other planes during its existence.

Travelling to the Nine Hells is often guided by a series of Astral Keys both to traverse the Astral Plane safely and to allow entry through the Planar Membrane.

Similarly to the Material, Shadowfell and Feywild, the Nine Hells consists of a series of melded environs presented in unique variations to one another. These 'reflections' are not easily understood and many rules exist for managing the transitions between them.

The initial reflection of the Nine Hells is the most common that astral travellers encounter and journey to: Obdura. This is the most common reflection that is depicted in paintings, bardic works and rumours. Obdura is home to the City of Brass and serves as a focal point for travel within the Nine Hells. Obdura also has the most (relatively) safe environment to traverse in which lava and fire is the only main obstacle, easily nullified by spells and elixirs found in the City of Brass.